okay well we're going to move to Gaza
now where at least 14 Palestinians have
been killed overnight in the latest
Israeli air strikes in al- narat and B
refugee camps in central Gaza three
homes were targeted Israeli forces have
also bombed a civilian car in Alat
killing three people in that
attack well Han mmud joins Army live
from De albala in central Gaza now and
uh honey can you just bring us up to
date with the latest on these Israeli
air strikes overnight and into this
morning
yes
timeing clearly of
the
exact unfolding over and over
entire inside
resal been in all for the couple weeks
military
operation military operations and
Israeli military invaded D and forced
many of the people many of the people in
uh into uh the central uh area uh uh in
a separate attack three more people were
killed and this is the the saddest story
of this family three more people were
killed they're running they own a
kitchen but they turn it into a a a free
food distribution points for displaced
families now it's important to point out
that this particular family lost 24 of
their family members at the initial
weeks of this war and the actually lost
this number of family at the same exact
location that was bombed today was their
own kitchen and they opened it to uh to
for uh distribution of a free meal to
displace families from the northern part
in Gaza City meanwhile the Israeli
military contined to uh bomb across Rafa
City pushing deeper into the western
part of the city and the central area
where according to ey Witnesses describe
the Israeli tanks and armored vehicle
are at the center part of RAF City their
artillery Shilling are covering as far
as the T sites at the western part
that's the evacuation Zone in Rafa City
but the Israeli military as it it stated
it has full control over the
Philadelphia Corridor and uh it's
conducting right now A systematic
demolition uh of homes in the eastern
part of RA the point the entire Eastern
Area including the Salam neighborhood
the Jan neighborhood and all the areas
along the borders have been cleared from
all the residential buildings and the
public facilities yeah honey as we uh
have been speaking about over the last
12 hours or so Israeli milit have uh
withdrawn from parts of the north can
you just give us an update though on uh
what damage they have left in their wake
especially in regards to uh the the
situation in the hospitals
there well as of early hours of this
morning this really military announced
it withdrawal from jabalia refugee camp
and what we're talking about here this
is the second time in in less than 24
hours the Israeli military said that
it's withdrawing from areas where
fighting was going on the areas that
pretty much turned into a pile of
rubbles but that's more of a tactical
withdrawal we're looking at half of the
refugee camp that the Israeli military
right now withdrew from but it is
stationed at the edges of the refugee
camp uh people who went to check and
inspect on their homes and the and the
area found the trails of Devastation and
destruction of all means of life
particularly healthc care sectors the
entire refugee camp and the northern
part of the strip is left without any
health care facilities whatsoever we're
talking about a completely crippled
Health Care system in the northern part
including not only the Public Health
Care Facility but those who are
privately owned by by uh by doctors or
our medical companies that have been
also destroyed and pushed out of service
in addition to it charitable uh Health
Organization such as the Palestine great
Crossing Society or ala Health Care
Facilities in the northern part have
been destroyed and completely pushed out
of service the situations in the
northern part are quite shocking without
Healthcare facilities it's only going to
get really worse people been lacking
basic access to necessities and to main
supplies that could help them survive
these difficult conditions on the ground
but right now we're looking into not
only there is a permanent internal
displacement but also the very
difficulties and the Very miseries
created by uh the intense bombing
campaign by the trails of Destruction
and the damage caused to all means of
life okay honey thank you so much for
that that's Hy mmud for us there in De
alala in central Gaza